Welcome to OfflineQA! This framework was developed by Brant Rumberger
for the 2022 IonRun NA61 data taking campaign. It was built using tools
and contributions from many NA61 students and collaborators.

This QA framework runs an instance of SHINE Offline on every chunk of
data that is sent to CTA. The Module Sequence and configuration files
used are located in the directory
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/SHINEReconstruction-master_slc7/

Running of this Module Sequence can be done locally by executing the
script
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/SHINEReconstruction-master_slc7/CopyFromCTAAndRunSHINE.sh -i [inputFile.pteraw] -d [Full directory path (CTA, EOS, etc)] 

If running in this local mode, the output ROOT files will appear in
the ~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/SHINEReconstruction-master_slc7/ directory.

This Module Sequence can be sent to run as an HTCondor job by running the script
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/scripts/SubmitQAJob.sh [inputFile.pteraw] [Full directory path (CTA, EOS, etc)] 

The output will appear instead in the direcrory
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/EOSDropDirectory/. The SHINE logs will appear
in the directory ~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/log.bz2/. The HTCondor logs
will appear in the directory
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/work/[JobSubmissionTime].

In the Module Sequence, QA modules are run (currently TPCClusterQA,
TPCVertexQA, and TDAQQA). These modules produce histograms that can be
combined later and written to a QA PDF.

To create a QA PDF, call the script
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/scripts/CreateQAPDF.sh. This will create a QA
PDF using all of the ROOT files currently in EOSDropDirectory. Be
careful here! To remove the ROOT files in EOSDropDirectory, run the
script ~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/scripts/CleanROOTFiles.sh.

To clean the logs, call the command
~/2022-IonRun-OfflineQA/scripts/CleanLogs.sh.

TODO: Add description of adding histograms

TODO: Implement acront and create QA PDF / clean ROOT files & logs
automatically each day

NOTE: Don't leave large files from tests in the
.../SHINEReconstruction-master_slc7/ directory. These will be copied
with _every_ job submitted to the .../work/ directory, and this will
fill up the home directory (which has a 10 GB quota! FIXME!).

Have fun!!
-Brant, November 13th 2022